## App Docs

I made this app mainly as a passion project/to learn how to use C# and the WPF framework after dealing with Windows Parental Controls for a good portion of my childhood. Here's a list of the main functions and how they work:

* Launch settings: Pretty self explanatory, launch on startup adds a link to the startup folder, launch minimized tells the program to refrain from showing the main window on launch.

* Main function: The main purpose of this app is to package and automate the several steps involved in disabling parental controls on a Windows PC. This can be done either automatically (by checking if the process linked to Parental Controls is open every few seconds and if it is, disabling it) or manually (by linking the disable process to a keybind, which will work even from the *Time's Up*/*Time for a Break* lockscreen). This disabling process really only needs to be run a single time to effectively remove the issue, but Windows update sometimes, in checking Windows for issues, will repair the altered files and restart Parental Controls. This can become especially irritating if it occurs during a lockout period, and is why the launch on startup and autorun options are included. The app is super lightweight, so it really shouldn't have any startup impact if you just want to leave it running in the background. $${\color{red}Please \space note \space that \space the \space app \space will \space not \space function \space properly \space from \space the \space lockscreen \space if \space you \space do \space not \space accept \space the \space UAC \space prompt.}$$

* Extra Features: Figured I'd add some methods of protection if whoever's parental controls these are is especially strict. These include a keybind activated mock *Time for a Break* lockscreen and a safe mode option, which will change the icon of the process in the taskbar to the WpcMon icon, uninstall the WpcMonSvc service, and create an identical service that doesn't do anything called WpcMonSvcx (the service will appear identical unless you go so far as to check the path of it's exe). The *Time for Break* lockscreen is at the moment nothing more than a display window with click responsive buttons, but I'm considering making it fully functional in the future. Open the extra features Window by clicking on the logo in the app.

* Perms Wizard: The app needs elevated permissions to run properly, so I added an interactive wizard that explains how to give your account the proper administrative priveleges from the Windows Recover Environment, and makes the process as painless as possible (explaining the RE, writing a bat file with the proper commands, and instructing the user how to run it). It runs if the app detects insufficient priveleges or if you ignore the initial UAC prompt.

I will in the future be making the app look nicer and I'm open to suggestions on functionality.
